{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 At the start of the game and between levels the player will be able to move around inside of the broadcast station room/tower. This space will work as a hub where the player can select levels (white board), check collectable counts (also white board?), and listen to/view unlockables (tv). Once a level has been selected, the player can leave through a door to an elevator which acts as a loading screen (fade to black, fade in with level loaded).\
\
Save file will track player abilities, available levels, last played level, and discovered unlockables. \
\
Field Radio is one of the first unlocks and a major tool for progressing through each area. Initially, the radio is picked up but not usable. Only after turning on the power and configuring the transmitter will the player be able to use the ability (this may just be simplified to turning on the transmitter). Abilities gained from transmitters are necessary to beat the level in which they are found, but can also be carried over to other levels as well.\
\
The Master Radio is used to choose between areas. As stations are activated they will become accessible from the main radio in the broadcast room. These stations will play a different set of music based on the area in which they take place in order to emphasize the idea of glimpsing into these worlds. Actual NPC interaction will be sparse with the player primarily traveling through empty (liminal) spaces with the station audio playing in the background. Players will be able to save and leave these areas by accessing radios in the level. If a player saves at one of these radios and then dies or turns off the game then we will load them back in at that radio and/or room. \
\
Transmitters are found at the end of each level and are used to enable access to other worlds through the Master Radio. To turn these on the player will generally only need to make it to the object and interact though sometimes there may be other requirements. These will act as the \'93goal\'94 for each stage and upon activation will kick the player back to the broadcast station or expository area to add to the story.\
\
Crowbar is the melee weapon for the game, mainly used to destroy obstacles and attack enemies. Some enemies will be immune to the crowbar and require other interactions in the environment.\
\
Key of Solomon is the projectile weapon, creating a \'91magical\'92 projectile that can be used to damage enemies or trigger switches at a distance. \
\
\
\
\
=============\
\
\
Assets:\
\
* Radio Overlay should resemble a Roberts R900 Black Portable Transistor Radio or a 1959 Phillips Portable Transistor \'91Auto Radio\'92. Conceptually, the actual radio device would fit inside of the player\'92s satchel and have the control dials facing upwards. This is so the controls would be accessible without needing to remove the device from the bag. We do not need to show this in the sprite, instead just showing the actual controls:\
     - Dial for audio\
     - Dial for stations\
     - Display to show current stations\
     - On/Off button and light\
The actual overlay should be visible when equipped but not active, sliding up to reveal the controls whenever the corresponding button is pressed. This lets us show when the item is available to use without cluttering the screen. The utility and UI of the radio can be expanded on as abilities are developed/added\
\
\
* Journal Overlay should resemble a leather-bound personal journal with standard-rule lined paper. Sprites for abilities and inventory can be shown/hidden as they are added and removed, respectively. The general feel should be of a field journal for the player to track important items and objectives. Unlike the radio, the journal will always be available and has a button/tab on the screen indicating the corresponding button to press for access. This should pause gameplay in the background and display the journal overlay over the entire screen. From this menu the player will be able to close the game.\
\
\
* TV interaction should be a simple menu using a font resembling those of older sets. The player can save or fast travel by changing stations to display other TV save points that have been located. Undiscovered TVs will display as \'91unknown\'92 and only show static.\
\
\
\
Radio Special Abilities:\
- Tune Objects: some objects will be tuned out of reality and appear as static forms. With the Tune ability you will be able to force these objects back into your world so that they will be usable again\
- Invisibility: this ability allows the player to play a frequency that makes them invisible to certain enemies. This ability only works for a certain amount of time before you become visible again\
- Summon Rats: using the field radio you can summon rats to your location. \
- \
}